well they are welcome to my video on how
to repair sound car problems if you're
having problems with your sound card you
can't hear audio or it's just choppy
it's not working the way it should be
then chances are you have an outdated or
corrupt version of your driver now what
you need to do is first of all figure
out which drivers are missing on your
computer now there's two ways you can do
this you can literally go in search for
every single device driver on your
computer and try to manually find it or
you can get a program like this driver
finder and you can download it by going
to driver updaters expose calm all you
have to do is click free scan it's going
to download the program I'm not going to
download it because I already have it
installed and you scan your whole
computer takes about a minute or two
it's going to scan every device your
sound card video card keyboard mouse
microphone USB you name it it's going to
scan it it's going to be able to
determine what's out of date what needs
to be fixed and it's really the best way
to update your drivers because new
versions of drivers are released all the
time if you don't have the latest
version then you're really missing out
your computer can be running a lot
faster with less errors less error
messages you know can really cover up
security loopholes viruses it's
important to have new versions of your
drivers as you can see here I have 23
drivers out of date you know some of
these drivers that i have installed are
from 2006 you know there's versions
released that were in 2009-2010 i mean
it's ridiculous to have a driver from
2006 when there's one there's a released
in 2009 I mean think about how many
changes they've made in
provements that could really help your
hardware fix any sound card issues you
have fixed any video card issues you
have performance issues I mean these are
important to have and there's no way you
would have known that a new version is
released unless you have a program like
this its called driver finder it's
really great it works well you can get a
free scan all you have to do is go to
driver updater is exposed calm click the
free scan button download the program do
the scan click fix now and it will
instantly fix everything for you this is
really a great program I highly
recommend it I've seen a lot of these
out there but I know this one works well
they have millions of drivers in their
directory doesn't matter if you have
Windows XP Windows Vista Windows 7 it
works for all those operating systems
it's a great program go to driver
updater is exposed calm and I wish you
the best of luck with your sound card
problems I hope you get it working very
soon I'm confident that this program
will work to fix it thanks a lot for
watching this video I hope you have a
great day